So which kind of application will we build in this module here.
We'll build a meals app app where we can view some recipes favorite some recipes and also filter recipes.
And Ford is in his application will need some navigation.
We'll have our header there with some title in the middle and with a menu but near on the left which
allows us to open a side door to which I'll come back in a second.
And at the bottom of this page here we'll have taps.
We'll have two taps one for all meals all recipes and one for our favorites which will of course be
able to add in this app.
Now on that all page we'll have a grid of categories.
So basically something like Italian exotic maybe German food.
So basically different food categories.
And when we tap one of these categories will be taken on a second screen which will then have a back
button at the top to go back with the number title the category title.
And on that screen will then have the recipes.
So there will have multiple such cards with let's say an image a title and some extra information about
the recipe like how long it takes to create it and so on.
So when we click the back button we're of course taken back here.
Now that's one part and that's all where we're on the all tab down there.
So when desist act of tap now we're not done in this flow though of course we can tap a single recipe
and that will take us to yet another page here where we can view the details about this recipe.
So where we also have a header and an image of this recipe and also I have a back button which takes
us back to this page here where we then also have more information about the recipe like for example
the ingredients which is such a list and then also the steps it takes to create this recipe like cut
onions and so on.
So that's the information about the recipe we have here and we can go back.
Important will all that have the functionality to mark a recipe as a favorite there for example here
in the header we could have a star icon which allows us to do that.
Well that's ugly star.
But that's something we could have here to mark a recipe as a favorite and we'll add it to his favorites
list because that's the other tab we got here right.
That's D seconds tab we got here when we press this tab here we're basically switching the tab on this
starting screen where we have that menu button.
We still have our taps here with all and with favorites.
But now let's say favorite 60 active tap.
Well in this case if favorite zesty act of tap then here we essentially see a list of recipes which
looks just like this list here of recipes when we click on a category.
But now only a list of categories with a list of recipes excuse me with the recipes we marked as a favorite.
Now we can still have a single recipe done and we're taken to dead recipe detail page up data.
And if we now would press the back button we'd of course go back to this page.
So the back button takes us to different pages depending on where we're coming from.
Now what happens when we press that draw here though when we tap this menu button what happens in this
case.
Well in this case we open a side door which allows us to go to the meals app which in the end is this
app we're starting on where we have all and favorites and also the filters screen now filters is a brand
new screen which we have a design application where we also have a menu button to well go to that same
menu here and possibly go back to the meals page and on filters we can set filters like glue teen 3
or V again and we'll have some some switches here which allow us to toggle these options on and off
and we all to have like a save button here at the top which allows us to then save our selection and
then we can go back and the recipes we see here will be filtered by our selection on the filter screen.
So this is the application we're building and now this sketch here shows two things.
For one my drawing skills aren't that awesome should matter too much though because it is thankfully
not a drawing class.
The more important thing this sketch show is instead we'll have a lot of navigation.
We have taps.
We have a side draw and we have forth and back navigation so we'll go back and forth between pages.
We'll have to change the title in the header based on where we're going we'll have to change the content
on the screen based on where we're going and therefore we need a powerful navigation solution where
we don't just use if checks as we did it thus far and of course not only because that would be very
cumbersome to write but also because we want these beautiful animations these transitions between screens
and that's something we thankfully can add in a relatively easy way.